add field transform (#83)
FlatbreadLabs/flatbread: README.md

for more information in Overrides, they adhere to the GraphQLFieldConfig outlined here https://graphql-compose.github.io/docs/basics/what-is-resolver.html

## fieldTransform

fieldTransform is a function that can be provided to the config to transform the names of fields before the schema is generated -- this is used internally to remove spaces but can be used for other global transforms as well

> 

Reviewer: [nit] this should be moved to the `@flatbread/config` README

Reviewer: Well I could see an argument for surfacing it on the front page of the repo until we have a proper docs site.

How about:

```suggestion
## Advanced Config
### `fieldNameTransform`
Accepts a function which takes in field names and transforms them for the GraphQL schema generation -- this is used internally to remove spaces but can be used for other global transforms as well

// some example here

```

for more information in Overrides, they adhere to the GraphQLFieldConfig outlined here https://graphql-compose.github.io/docs/basics/what-is-resolver.html

## Advanced Config

### `fieldNameTransform`

Accepts a function which takes in field names and transforms them for the GraphQL schema generation -- this is used internally to remove spaces but can be used for other global transforms as well

> // some example here

Reviewer: We should replace this with an example of end-user config usage

Author: lol didn't realize I'd forgotten to come back to that
